This phase of ReEntry App development is intended to result in an agreed conceptual architecture and prototype of an initial application and to describe a longer term "target operating architecture" phase for ReEntry.  

The MIT Human Dynamics Lab legal science research team has agreed to convene and conduct and conclude this phase of the project and to contribute to the success of the intended results by facilitating, catalyzing and accelerating engagement by stakeholders as well as by external volunteers willing to contribute code or other expertise.  Proportional to the informal, unfunded and short duration of this project phase, a highly agile process will be used, featuring all-virtual methods for meeting, collaboration and decision making (leveraging GitHub, Google Hangouts and a project blog) and scope control for this phase and thread of the project.  The MIT contribution of design phase assistance in no way precludes other threads of contribution that may be very different in scope, approach and intended results.  Nonetheless, the MIT contribution and this phase will remain tightly coupled with the scope and intended deliverables (below). 

The design phase is expected to inclide periodic review of the then current design by Judge Aiken and other Stakeholders and by an expert advisory panel invited by the Legal Science Research Team.  These presentation, feedback and review sessions will be key milestones that move the agile process forward in alignment with the agreed needs of the parties.  

The design phase is intended to last approximately 2 months and to result with the hand-off of 1) the "Transmission of the Deliverables", which are a) a markdown file describing a conceptual design architecture for this App, and b) a prototype file demonstrating the user experience and other key featured, functions and flows of the App (this may be based on interactive wireframes or may include working code), and 2) "Transfer of Project Repositories" by account transfer and ownership assignment of the GitHub organization within which the repositories (both public and private) containing all project data, work flow (ie via issues tickets, authorization roles for accounts of contributors and other participants, open source licenses, etc).  It is also anticipated that the hand-off will include a Google Hangout for a  presentation using slides, screen share, video and/or other online methods to walk through the deliverables and repositories, discuss the project and respond to questions.  
